Acdp 224 (#7)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: ActindoWorkFlow/UserInterface/02a_Workflows.md

[!!Workflows](ActindoWorkFlow)

# Workflows

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW*

![Overview](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/Workflows.png "[Overview]")

> The *Workflows* view displays a list of all available workflows.

Author: ```suggestion
```

keine "View", Info erst später anführen

- *VIEW*  

> Click the drop-down list to select the view. All created views are displayed in the drop-down list. Click the ![Points](/Assets/Icons/Points01.png "[Points]") (Points) button to the right of the *VIEW* drop-down list to display the context menu and create a view. For detailed information, see [Create a view](#create-a-view).

Author: Link anpassen, ggf. weglassen

    - ![create](/Assets/Icons/Plus06.png "[create]") create  
    Click this entry to create a view. The *Create view* window is displayed.

[comment]: <> (Oli: View context menu - im Moment nur Create Option. Edit und andere Optionen geplant?)

  - ![Search](/Assets/Icons/Search.png "[Search]") (Search)  
    Click this button to display the search bar and search for a workflow.

  - ![Refresh](/Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)  
    Click this button to update the list of workflows.

  - ![Columns](/Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)  
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The x indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

  - ![Filter](/Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)  
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The x indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

[comment]: <> (OLI: ADD FILTER button funktioniert noch nicht?)

> The created workflows are displayed in a column view. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

Author: ```suggestion
The list displays all workflows. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.
```

- *Name*  
  Name of the workflow.

- *Key*  

>   Key value given to the workflow.

Author: ```suggestion
  Workflow key. The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.
```

- *Highest version*  
  Highest existing version of the workflow.

- *Highest published version*  
  Highest published version of the workflow.

[comment]: <> (OLI: Was ist ein "Key"? Wie kann man es kurz beschreiben/definieren? Unterschied zu Name?)

- ![Add](/Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add)  

> Click this button to create a workflow. The *New Workflow* window is displayed, see [New Workflow](#new-workflow). For detailed information, see [Create a workflow](#create-a-workflow).

Author: Link anpassen

    - ![create](/Assets/Icons/Plus06.png "[create]") create  
    Click this entry to create a view. The *Create view* window is displayed.

[comment]: <> (Oli: View context menu - im Moment nur Create Option. Edit und andere Optionen geplant?)

  - ![Search](/Assets/Icons/Search.png "[Search]") (Search)  
    Click this button to display the search bar and search for a workflow version.

  [comment]: <> (Oli: Dafür gedacht? Scheint nicht wirklich zu funktionieren)

  - ![Refresh](/Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)  
    Click this button to update the list of workflow versions.

  - ![Columns](/Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)  
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The x indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

  - ![Filter](/Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)  
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The x indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

> The workflow versions are displayed in a column view. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

Author: ```suggestion
The list displays all workflow versions of the selected workflow. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.
```

- *Version*  
  Version number of the workflow.

- *Published*  

>   - ![Check](/Assets/Icons/Check.png "[Check]") (Check) means that the workflow version is published.
>   - ![Check](/Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Cross]") (Cross) means that the workflow version is unpublished.

Author: ```suggestion
  - ![Check](/Assets/Icons/Check.png "[Check]") (Checkmark): The workflow version is published.
  - ![Check](/Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Cross]") (Cross): The workflow version is unpublished.
```

- [x]  
Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar.

> [comment]: <> (Screenshot mit editing toolbar?)

Author: nicht nötig

- [PUBLISH]/[UNPUBLISH]  
Click this button to publish or unpublish a workflow version. For detailed information, see [Publish a workflow](/ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#publish-a-workflow) and [Unpublish a workflow](/ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#unpublish-a-workflow).

- [DELETE]  
Click this button to delete the selected workflow version.  

  > [Info] To prevent any problems, it is strongly recommended not to delete a workflow. For detailed information, see [Delete a workflow](ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#delete-a-workflow).

- [VIEW]  

> Click this button to view the selected workflow version.

Author: ```suggestion
Click this button to display the selected workflow version.
```

> [comment]: <> (Oli: Button DELETE ist i.d.R. ein "Trash" Symbol. Button VIEW funktioniert nicht)

Author: den Teil über Zeile 94 einfügen

- ![Add](/Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add)  
Click this button to create a workflow version. For detailed information about creating a workflow version, see [Create a workflow version](#to-be-completed).

[comment]: <> (Oli: Add button in Workflow versions funktioniert nicht. Bug, kommt noch oder so gemeint? New workflow Fenster nach klicken angezeigt? Anderes Fenster? Prozedur genauso wie Create worflow? Vgl. Workflow anklicken > Version anklicken > Änderungen in workflow editor > Points button > Deploy -> Neue "published" Version erstellt?)

## Workflow editor

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Select workflow > Select version*

![Workflow editor](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/WorkflowEditor.png "[Workflow editor]")

- ![Back](/Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)  
Click this button to close the workflow editor and return to the *Workflows* view.

[comment]: <> (Oli: Back button, oben links, nachdem man eine Workflow version ausgewählt hat: Sollte es nicht zurück zu Workflows versions gehen?)

> - (Workflow name)

Author: ```suggestion
```

Click the ![Points](/Assets/Icons/Points02.png "[Points]") (Points) button to the right of the workflow name to display the context menu. The following menu entries are available:

    - *Rename*  
    Click this entry to rename the workflow.

    - *Settings*

    - *Save as*

    - *Import JSON*  
    Click this entry to import data in JSON format. A new window is displayed.

    - *Export JSON*  
    Click this entry to export data in JSON format. A new window is displayed.

    - *Deploy*  
    Click this button to publish a workflow version.

  [comment]: <> (Oli: Context menu options not working yet, except for Import/Export JSON. Beim klicken wird eine Datei in einer neuen Fenster  angezeigt. Bleiben alle Funktionen? JSON Fenster beschrieben? Kann der User da was einstellen? Unterschied zwischen Deploy und Publish?)

- ![Undo](/Assets/Icons/Undo02.png "[Undo]") (Undo)  
  Click this button to undo any changes made.

- ![Redo](/Assets/Icons/Redo.png "[Redo]") (Redo)  
  Click this button to redo any undone changes.

- ![Comment](/Assets/Icons/Comment.png "[Comment]") (Comment)

[comment]: <> (OLI: "Comment" button? Was macht es?)

- [NEW ACTION]  

>   Click this button to add a new action. A window to search for an action is displayed, see [Search for an action](#search-for-an-action). For detailed information about creating an action, see [Create an action](ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-an-action).

Author: ```suggestion
  Click this button to add a new action. The *[search for an action](#search-for-an-action)* window is displayed. For detailed information about creating an action, see [Create an action](ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-an-action).
```

The workflow diagram is displayed in the workflow editor. For detailed information about the workflow elements, see [Workflow elements](01_WorkflowElements.md).

> ## Create view

Author: Abschnitt muss an andere Stelle

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Button Points > Menu entry create*

![Create view](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/CreateView.png "[Create view]")

- *Name*  
Enter a name for the view.

- [CANCEL]  
Click this button to cancel creating a view. The *Create view* window is closed.

- [SAVE]  
Click this button to save the new view. The *Create view* window is closed. The view is saved and displayed in the *View* drop-down list.

> 

Author: ## Rename view 
*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Button Points > Menu entry rename*
-> ergänzen

## New Workflow

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Button Add*

![New workflow](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/NewWorkflow.png "[New workflow]")

- *Select a name for your new workflow*  
Click this field to enter a name for the new workflow.

- *Select a unique key for your new workflow*  

> Click this field to enter a key for the workflow.

Author: ```suggestion
Enter a key for the workflow.  The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.
```

- *Choose the data type of your start place*  

> Click this field (search bar) to enter the name of the start place or a keyword to search for.

Author: ```suggestion
Enter the name of the start place or a keyword to search for.
```

  > [Info] The list of places is filtered for your keyword as you type.

- ![Delete](/Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Delete]") (Delete)  

>   Click this button to delete the keyword and clear the search bar.

Author: ```suggestion
  Click this button to clear the search bar field for the start place.
```

- *Choose the data type of your end place*  

> Click this field (search bar) to enter the name of the end place or a keyword to search for.

Author: ```suggestion
Enter the name of the end place or a keyword to search for.
```

  > [Info] The list of places is filtered for your keyword as you type.

- ![Delete](/Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Delete]") (Delete)  
    Click this button to delete the keyword and clear the search bar.

- [CANCEL]  
Click this button to cancel creating a new workflow. The *New Workflow* window is closed.

- [CREATE]  
Click this button to create a new workflow. The workflow editor with the defined start and end places is displayed.

## Search for an action

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Select workflow > Select version > Button NEW ACTION*

> 

Author: ```suggestion
*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Select workflow > Select version > Button Add next to a place* 
```

![Search for an action](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/SearchAction.png "[Search for an action]")

> The *Search for an action* window displays a list of all compatible actions for the selected place.

Author: Die Info ist nur korrekt, wenn ich über einen + Button an einem place in dieses Fenster gelange, nicht aber, wenn ich den Button NEW ACTION klicke. 
Die Info zu den zwei Möglichkeiten, wie ich in dieses Fenster gelange und dass einmal alle und einmal nur die zum place kompatiblen Actions angezeigt werden (vgl. Info in dem Fenster unter search bar) sollte hier angeführt werden

- *Search for an action* (Search bar)

> Click this field (search bar) to enter the name of the action or a keyword to search for.

Author: ```suggestion
Click this field (search bar) to enter the name of the action or a keyword to search for. For detailed information about creating an action, see [Create an action](ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-an-action).
```

[!!Workflows](ActindoWorkFlow)

# Workflows

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW*

![Overview](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/Workflows.png "[Overview]")

> 

Author: ```suggestion
**Workflows**
```

- *VIEW*  

> Click the drop-down list to select the view. All created views are displayed in the drop-down list. Click the ![Points](/Assets/Icons/Points01.png "[Points]") (Points) button to the right of the *VIEW* drop-down list to display the context menu and create a view. For detailed information, see [Create view](#create-view).

Author: Link wird nicht funktionieren, da in PIM. Entweder anpassen oder den letzten Satz mit Link einfach streichen...

    - ![Unpublish](/Assets/Icons/Unpublish.png "[Unpublish]") unpublish  
    Click this entry to unpublish the view. This menu entry is only displayed when a view is selected and published.

    - ![Save](/Assets/Icons/Save.png "[Save]") save  
    Click this entry to save the current view settings in the selected view. This menu entry is only displayed when a view is selected.

     > [Info] When the settings of a view have been changed, an asterisk is displayed behind the view name. The asterisk is hidden as soon as the changes have been saved.

    - ![Delete](/Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") delete  
    Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window to confirm the deletion is displayed. This menu entry is only displayed when a view is selected.

- ![Search](/Assets/Icons/Search.png "[Search]") (Search)  
    Click this button to display the search bar and search for a workflow.

    > [Info] The search function can be used to search for a workflow name and key.

- ![Refresh](/Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)  
    Click this button to update the list of workflows.

- ![Columns](/Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)  

>     Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The x indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

Author: ```suggestion
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.
```

- ![Filter](/Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)  
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The x indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

The list displays all workflows. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *Name*  
  Name of the workflow.

- *Key*  
  Workflow key. The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.

- *Highest Version*  
  Highest existing version of the workflow.

- *Highest Published Version*  
  Highest published version of the workflow.

- *ID*  

>   Workflow ID.

Author: ```suggestion
  Workflow identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system when the workflow version is created.
```

- ![Add](/Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add)  

> Click this button to create a workflow. The *New Workflow* window is displayed, see [New Workflow](#new-workflow). For detailed information, see [Create a workflow](ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information, see [Create a workflow](/ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see [Create a workflow](/ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).
```

- *Choose the data type of your start place*  
Enter the name of the start place or a keyword to search for and select the appropriate place in the list of places.

  > [Info] The list of places is filtered for your keyword as you type.

- ![Delete](/Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Delete]") (Delete)  
  Click this button to clear the search bar field for the start place.

- *Choose the data type of your end place*  
Enter the name of the end place or a keyword to search for and select the appropriate place in the list of places.

  > [Info] The list of places is filtered for your keyword as you type.

- ![Delete](/Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Delete]") (Delete)  
    Click this button to clear the search bar field for the end place.

- [CANCEL]  
Click this button to cancel creating a new workflow. The *New Workflow* window is closed.

- [CREATE]  
Click this button to create a new workflow. The workflow editor with the defined start and end places is displayed.

## Workflow versions

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Select workflow*

![Workflow versions](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/WorkflowVersions.png "[Workflow versions]")

> 

Author: **Workflow Versions**

- ![Back](/Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)  
Click this button to close the *Workflow versions* view and return to the *Workflows* view.

- *VIEW*  

> Click the drop-down list to select the view. All created views are displayed in the drop-down list. Click the ![Points](/Assets/Icons/Points01.png "[Points]") (Points) button to the right of the *VIEW* drop-down list to display the context menu and create a view. For detailed information, see [Create view](#create-view).

Author: s.o.

    - ![Publish](/Assets/Icons/Publish.png "[Publish]") publish  
  Click this entry to publish the view. This menu entry is only displayed when a view is selected and unpublished.

    - ![Unpublish](/Assets/Icons/Unpublish.png "[Unpublish]") unpublish  
  Click this entry to unpublish the view. This menu entry is only displayed when a view is selected and published.

    - ![Save](/Assets/Icons/Save.png "[Save]") save  
  Click this entry to save the current view settings in the selected view. This menu entry is only displayed when a view is selected.

      > [Info] When the settings of a view have been changed, an asterisk is displayed behind the view name. The asterisk is hidden as soon as the changes have been saved.

    - ![Delete](/Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") delete  
  Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window to confirm the deletion is displayed. This menu entry is only displayed when a view is selected.

- ![Search](/Assets/Icons/Search.png "[Search]") (Search)  

>     Click this button to display the search bar and search for a workflow.

Author: ```suggestion
    Click this button to display the search bar and search for a workflow version.
```

>     > [Info] The search function can be used to search for a workflow name and key.

Author: Keine Ahnung ob die Suchfunktion bei den Versionen überhaupt funktioniert... Einen Namen gibt es ja nicht, daher stimmt die Info auf jeden Fall nicht...
-> Oli fragen, wonach gesucht werden kann

Reviewer: Kommentar hinzugefügt

- ![Refresh](/Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)  
    Click this button to update the list of workflow versions.

- ![Columns](/Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)  
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The x indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- ![Filter](/Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)  
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The x indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

The list displays all workflow versions of the selected workflow. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *Version*  
  Version number of the workflow.

- *Published*  
  - ![Check](/Assets/Icons/Check.png "[Check]") (Checkmark): The workflow version is published.
  - ![Cross](/Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Cross]") (Cross): The workflow version is unpublished.

- *ID*  

>   Workflow ID.

Author: ```suggestion
  Identification number of the workflow version.
```

- [x]  
Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar.

- [PUBLISH]/[UNPUBLISH]  
Click this button to publish or unpublish a workflow version. For detailed information, see [Publish a workflow](/ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#publish-a-workflow) and [Unpublish a workflow](/ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#unpublish-a-workflow).

- [DELETE]  

> Click this button to delete the selected workflow version.  

Author: ```suggestion
Click this button to delete the selected workflow version.  Only workflows that have never been published can be deleted.
```

  > [Info] To prevent any problems, it is strongly recommended not to delete a workflow. For detailed information, see [Delete a workflow](ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#delete-a-workflow).

- [VIEW]  
Click this button to display the selected workflow version.

> [comment]: <> (Oli: Button DELETE ist i.d.R. ein "Trash" Symbol. Button VIEW funktioniert nicht)

Author: verschieben in Zeile 169/170-> zwischen Filter button und "The list displays all workflow versions of the selected workflow..."

> [comment]: <> (Oli: Button DELETE ist i.d.R. ein "Trash" Symbol. Button VIEW funktioniert nicht)

Author: ```suggestion
[comment]: <> (Oli: Button VIEW funktioniert nicht)
```

- ![Add](/Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add)  
Click this button to create a workflow version. For detailed information about creating a workflow version, see [Create a workflow version](#to-be-completed).

[comment]: <> (Oli: Add button in Workflow versions funktioniert nicht. Bug, kommt noch oder so gemeint? Wie erstellt man eine neue Version eines Workflows? Prozedur genauso wie New worflow? Vgl. Workflow anklicken > Version anklicken > Änderungen in workflow editor > Points button > Deploy -> Neue "published" Version erstellt?)

## Workflow editor

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Select workflow > Select version*

![Workflow editor](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/WorkflowEditor.png "[Workflow editor]")

- ![Back](/Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)  

> Click this button to close the workflow editor and return to the *Workflows* view.

Author: ```suggestion
Click this button to close the workflow editor and return to the list of workflows.
```

[comment]: <> (Oli: Back button, oben links, nachdem man eine Workflow version ausgewählt hat: Sollte es nicht zurück zu Workflows versions gehen?)

-  ![Points](/Assets/Icons/Points02.png "[Points]") (Points)  
Click the ![Points](/Assets/Icons/Points02.png "[Points]") (Points) button to the right of the workflow name to display the context menu. The following menu entries are available:

    - *Rename*  
    Click this entry to rename the workflow.

    - *Settings*  

    - *Save as*  

    - *Import JSON*  
    Click this entry to import data in JSON format. A new window is displayed.

    - *Export JSON*  
    Click this entry to export data in JSON format. A new window is displayed.

    - *Deploy*  
    Click this entry to publish a workflow version.

  [comment]: <> (Oli: Context menu options not working yet, except for Import/Export JSON. Beim klicken wird eine Datei in einer neuen Fenster angezeigt. Bleiben alle Funktionen? JSON Fenster beschrieben? Kann der User da was einstellen? Unterschied zwischen Deploy und Publish?)

- ![Undo](/Assets/Icons/Undo02.png "[Undo]") (Undo)  

>   Click this button to undo any changes made.

Author: Oli: Ist es ein Bug, dass der Button immer anklickbar ist?

>   Click this button to undo any changes made.

Author: ```suggestion
  Click this button to undo the last change made.
  
  [comment]: <> (Oli: Ist es ein Bug, dass der Button immer anklickbar ist?)
```

- ![Redo](/Assets/Icons/Redo.png "[Redo]") (Redo)  

>   Click this button to redo any undone changes.

Author: ```suggestion
  Click this button to redo the last undone change.
```

- [NEW ACTION]  
  Click this button to add a new action. The *Search for an action* window is displayed. For detailed information, see [Search for an action](#search-for-an-action).

## Create view

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Button Points > Menu entry create*

![Create view](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/CreateView.png "[Create view]")

- *Name*  
Enter a name for the view.

- [CANCEL]  
Click this button to cancel creating a view. The *Create view* window is closed.

- [SAVE]  
Click this button to save the new view. The *Create view* window is closed. The view is saved and displayed in the *View* drop-down list.

## Rename view

*Workflows > Processes > Tab OVERVIEW > Button Points > Menu entry rename*

![Rename view](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/RenameView.png "[Rename view]")

- *Name*  
Click the field to edit the view name.

- [CANCEL]  
Click this button to cancel renaming a view. The *Rename view* window is closed.

- [SAVE]  
Click this button to save the changes to the view name. The *Rename view* window is closed. The new name for the view is saved and displayed in the *View* drop-down list.

> 

Author: Wir müssen hier auch noch die Elemente einbringen - also:
- place 
- input port
- output port
- action

inkl. Konfiguration und buttons im editor

## Search for an action

> *Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Select workflow > Select version > Button NEW ACTION*
> 
> ![Search for an action](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/SearchAction02.png "[Search for an action]")
> 
> *Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Select workflow > Select version > Button Add next to a place*
> 
> ![Search for an action](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/SearchAction.png "[Search for an action]")

Author: ```suggestion
*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Select workflow > Select version > Button NEW ACTION*
*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Select workflow > Select version > Button Add next to a place*^

![Search for an action](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/SearchAction02.png "[Search for an action]")
```
Bild basteln wir zusammen eins aus beiden Bildern

The *Search for an action* window displays a list of possible actions for the selected place.

>   > [Info] If clicking the [NEW ACTION] button, all existing actions are displayed. If clicking the ![Add](/Assets/Icons/Plus04.png "[Add]") (Add) button next to a place, only the compatible actions for that place are displayed, as specified in the information message below the search bar).

Author: ```suggestion
  > [Info] If clicking the [NEW ACTION] button, all existing actions are displayed. If clicking the ![Add](/Assets/Icons/Plus04.png "[Add]") (Add) button next to a place, only the compatible actions for that place are displayed, as specified in the information message of the *Search for an action* window below the search bar).
```

- *Search for an action* (search bar)  

> Click this field (search bar) to enter the name of the action or a keyword to search for. For detailed information about creating an action, see [Create an action](ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-an-action).

Author: ```suggestion
Click this field (search bar) to enter the name of the action or a keyword to search for.  Select an action in the list of actions to add the selected action to the workflow.
For detailed information about creating an action, see [Create an action](ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-an-action).
```

    Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window to confirm the deletion is displayed. This menu entry is only displayed when a view is selected.

- ![Search](/Assets/Icons/Search.png "[Search]") (Search)  
    Click this button to display the search bar and search for a workflow.

    > [Info] The search function can be used to search for a workflow name and key.

- ![Refresh](/Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)  
    Click this button to update the list of workflows.

- ![Columns](/Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)  
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- ![Filter](/Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)  
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The *x* indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

The list displays all workflows. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *Name*  
  Name of the workflow.

- *Key*  

>   Workflow key. The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Workflow key. The key is required for API access and must be unique within the workflow version.
```

- *Highest Version*  
  Highest existing version of the workflow.

- *Highest Published Version*  
  Highest published version of the workflow.

- *ID*  
  Workflow identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system when the workflow is created.

- ![Add](/Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add)  
Click this button to create a workflow. The *New Workflow* window is displayed, see [New Workflow](#new-workflow). For detailed information, see [Create a workflow](/ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).

## New Workflow

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Button Add*

![New workflow](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/NewWorkflow.png "[New workflow]")

- *Select a name for your new workflow*  
Enter a name for the new workflow.

- *Select a unique key for your new workflow*  

> Enter a key for the workflow. The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter a key for the workflow. The key is required for API access and must be unique within the workflow version.
```

- ![Undo](/Assets/Icons/Undo02.png "[Undo]") (Undo)  
  Click this button to undo the last change made.

  [comment]: <> (Oli: Ist es ein Bug, dass der Button immer anklickbar ist?)

- ![Redo](/Assets/Icons/Redo.png "[Redo]") (Redo)  
  Click this button to redo the last undone change.

[comment]: <> (Button soll rausfliegen. Neues Screenshot!)

- [NEW ACTION]  
  Click this button to add a new action. The *Search for an action* window is displayed. For detailed information, see [Search for an action](#search-for-an-action).

 The workflow diagram includes the following elements:  

- Place  
  Intermediate stage in the workflow, represented by a circle, usually provided with incoming and/or outcoming arcs. It serves as link between two actions.

  When clicking a place, it becomes highlighted and the corresponding element settings are displayed in the settings side bar.

  ![Settings side bar](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/SettingsSideBar01.png "[Settings side bar]")

  - *Key*  

>   Place key. This field is read-only. The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Place key. This field is read-only. The key is required for API access and must be unique within the workflow version.
```

    For detailed information, see [Start and end place](/ActindoWorkFlow/Overview/02_WorkflowProcessElements.md#start-and-end-place).

- Action  
  Individual activities being executed in the workflow, represented by a rectangle. All actions contain a certain, predefined number of input and output ports, represented by a small square to the link and the right of the action.

  When clicking an action, it becomes highlighted and the corresponding element settings are displayed in the settings side bar.

  ![Settings side bar](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/SettingsSideBar02.png "[Settings side bar]")

  The action settings side bar is located to the right of the workspace and allows to define the action settings. The following fields are displayed:

  - *Key*  

>    Action key. This field is read-only. The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Action key. This field is read-only. The key is required for API access and must be unique within the workflow version.
```

The list displays all workflows. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *Name*  
  Name of the workflow.

- *Key*  
  Workflow key. The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.

- *Highest Version*  
  Highest existing version of the workflow.

- *Highest Published Version*  
  Highest published version of the workflow.

- *ID*  
  Workflow identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system when the workflow is created.

- ![Add](/Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add)  
Click this button to create a workflow. The *New Workflow* window is displayed, see [New Workflow](#new-workflow). For detailed information, see [Create a workflow](/ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).

## New Workflow

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Button Add*

![New workflow](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/NewWorkflow.png "[New workflow]")

- *Select a name for your new workflow*  
Enter a name for the new workflow.

- *Select a unique key for your new workflow*  

> Enter a key for the workflow.  The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter a key for the workflow. The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.
```

- *Choose the data type of your start place*  
Enter the name of the start place or a keyword to search for and select the appropriate place in the list of places.

  > [Info] The list of places is filtered for your keyword as you type.

- ![Delete](/Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Delete]") (Delete)  
  Click this button to clear the search bar field for the start place.

- *Choose the data type of your end place*  
Enter the name of the end place or a keyword to search for and select the appropriate place in the list of places.

  > [Info] The list of places is filtered for your keyword as you type.

- ![Delete](/Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Delete]") (Delete)  
    Click this button to clear the search bar field for the end place.

- [CANCEL]  
Click this button to cancel creating a new workflow. The *New Workflow* window is closed.

- [CREATE]  
Click this button to create a new workflow. The workflow editor with the defined start and end places is displayed.

> ## Workflow Versions

Reviewer 2: subject to change, but correct for now

Author: add comment for the future

## Workflow editor

*Workflows > Workflows > Tab OVERVIEW > Select workflow > Select version*

![Workflow editor](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/WorkflowEditor.png "[Workflow editor]")

- ![Back](/Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)  
Click this button to close the workflow editor and return to the list of workflows.

[comment]: <> (Oli: Back button, oben links, nachdem man eine Workflow version ausgewählt hat: Sollte es nicht zurück zu Workflows versions gehen?)

-  ![Points](/Assets/Icons/Points02.png "[Points]") (Points)  
Click the ![Points](/Assets/Icons/Points02.png "[Points]") (Points) button to the right of the workflow name to display the context menu. The following menu entries are available:

    - *Rename*  
    Click this entry to rename the workflow.

    - *Settings*  

    - *Save as*  

    - *Import JSON*  
    Click this entry to import data in JSON format. A new window is displayed.

    - *Export JSON*  
    Click this entry to export data in JSON format. A new window is displayed.

    - *Deploy*  

>     Click this entry to publish a workflow version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Click this entry to publish a new workflow version with the current state.
```

  [comment]: <> (Oli: Context menu options not working yet, except for Import/Export JSON. Beim klicken wird eine Datei in einer neuen Fenster angezeigt. Bleiben alle Funktionen? JSON Fenster beschrieben? Kann der User da was einstellen? Unterschied zwischen Deploy und Publish?)

- ![Undo](/Assets/Icons/Undo02.png "[Undo]") (Undo)  
  Click this button to undo the last change made.

  [comment]: <> (Oli: Ist es ein Bug, dass der Button immer anklickbar ist?)

- ![Redo](/Assets/Icons/Redo.png "[Redo]") (Redo)  
  Click this button to redo the last undone change.

> - ![Comment](/Assets/Icons/Comment.png "[Comment]") (Comment)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
will be dropped in the next release

  - *Key*  
  Place key. This field is read-only. The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.

  - *Data container*  
  Use this field to define the data type to be used in the place. If necessary, click the ![Delete](/Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Delete]") (Delete) button to display the whole list of available data types. Enter a search text for the desired data type. The list of actions is filtered for your search text as you type. Select the ![Radio button](/Assets/Icons/Radiobutton.png "[Radio button]") (Radio button) corresponding to the appropriate option.

    For detailed information, see [Places](/ActindoWorkFlow/Overview/02_WorkflowProcessElements.md#places).

  - Start/end place  
  Special types of places at the beginning and at the end of a workflow. Every workflow starts with a single place and ends with a single place.

  When clicking the start/end place, it becomes highlighted and the corresponding element settings are displayed in the settings side bar.

  ![Start and end place](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/StartPlace.png "[Start and end place]")

    - *Key*  

>     Place key. This field is read-only. The key is required for API access and must be system wide unique.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Place key. This field is read-only. The key is required for API access and must be unique within the workflow version.
```
